Sightings of unidentified
flying objects have become
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
so frequent
in recent years that
the U.S. Government
can no longer dismiss them.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
Days ago. the Pentagon
delivered this.
their highly anticipated
declassified report
on UFO activity.
Tonight. we will take
a deep dive
into the report
and examine what It revealed
about the state of
our national
and global security.
And perhaps life beyond
our solar system.
This is UFOs
Declassified Live.
Welcome to
UFOs Declassified Live.
I'm Josh Gates.
Normally I'm traveling
to far flung locations
around the world
Investigating mysteries
on my series
Expedition Unknown.
This evening they've let me
take a shower and clean up
a little bit.
I'm here in Las Vegas.
along with fellow
adventurer.
the host of Expedition X.
Jessica Chobot.
Hi. thanks for having me.
happy to be here.
I am looking forward
to declassifying some UFOs.
It's going to be a big night.
Together we will be
tackling the mystery
of UFOs. this report.
the science
of these aerial anomalies
and who or what
could be behind them.
We'll do it by deciphering
the fresh off the press
Pentagon UFO report
and the jaw dropping footage
that prompted it.
We have got a rotating panel
of experts to analyze
everything tonight
and we want to hear
from you. tweet using
the hashtag.
"UFOs Declassified Live."
and be sure to follow
Discovery on Twitter
to participate in
our live polls.
starting us off this evening.
our panel. we have
the award winning
investigative journalist.
George Knapp
and investigative filmmaker.
the man who kicked off
this whole thing with some
of the most compelling images
of UFOs caught on tape.
Jeremy Corbell. good to see
both of you.
-Nice to see ya. Josh.
-Yeah. thanks for being here.
All right. this Pentagon
report was initially requested
by the US Select Committee
on Intelligence
in December of 2020.
but its roots go far
deeper than that.
Take a look.
[narrator] UFO sightings
have been tracked by
the United States government
since the 1940s.
As claims have
often been dismissed
by government officials.
the public has no idea
of the extent of the activity
or what it could mean
to national security.
however. reports of what
has been described
as aggressive UFO activity
has spiked in recent years.
especially over military
institutions.
putting the United States
Department of Defense
on edge.
[pilot] 50 knots.
Closing in.
These increased public
sightings. along
with UFO footage
leaked by military personnel
has forced the DOD
to change their long standing
position.
It is history changing.
it is without a doubt.
the story of the millennia.
[narrator] And for the first
time. they have
authenticated videos
of unidentified
flying objects.
they know that these crafts
feature highly advanced
technology.
and are not part
of the US military.
This caught the attention
of the Senate Intelligence
Committee
led by Senator Marco Rubio.
they demanded a full report
on UFOs for the sake
of national security.
Anything that enters
an airspace.
that's not supposed
to be there is a threat.
[narrator] Coming off
a flurry of intense interest
from the media.
the report was delivered
to Congress just days ago.
Tonight. we identify
key findings
and unanswered questions.
Who do these craft
belong to?
Adversaries in Russia
or China.
is there a possibility
they originated beyond
our solar system?
Or is there a peaceful
and earthly explanation?
And what does the evidence
revealed in the report mean
for the United States
and the world?
All right. well. let's get
right into it.
George. let's start with you.
you have been investigating
UFOs from ground zero here
in the desert for more
than 30 years.
First blush reaction.
what do you make
of this report?
it's massively important.
it's such a radical departure
from what we've been
spoon fed. the lies
and obfuscation
we've been spoon fed
by our military
and our government for decades
behind the scenes since 1947.
Our military is taking this
very seriously.
while telling the public.
there's nothing to it.
Don't worry about it. move on.
This report
is only nine pages.
it doesn't have
a lot of details.
but it at least
is a new policy direction
and it screams out
two things to me.
One. is that UFOs are real
and they are
physical objects.
two. they're not ours.
All right. Jeremy.
you have had your eyes
on most of the videos
that we're talking about
tonight. long before
they ever went to Congress.
your thoughts on all of this?
I'm highly encouraged
by this report.
mainly I'm encouraged by
the disappointment
from the public.
people wanted more substance.
more information.
they don't have
any videos
in the public report.
but what that shows me
is that pop culture
is grabbing on to this
UFO mystery.
and they're agreeing
and the military is saying.
"We should study
this phenomenon
scientifically."
that's what the report says.
This requires study.
George .I think you probably
know better than anyone
as an investigative journalist
how secretive the government
can be
on the topic of UFOs.
Why the sudden rush
to transparency here?
it's a combination of events
that this overnight success
actually started about
26 years ago here
in Las Vegas.
Robert Bigelow. businessman
created his own independent
UFO think tank
that got the attention
of Senator Harry Reid.
who a decade later
got $22 million to devote
to a secret program
that studied UFOs
and related phenomena.
that there was a corollary
program that existed
in the Pentagon
that collected information
including some of the videos
that we're going to see
tonight.
and it came spilling out
in The New York Times
in December 2017
and it's rolled like
a snowball ever since.
I want to talk about
technology a little bit
here at the top.
you know. in this report.
there are 143 unidentified.
you know. instances.
a lot of those were made
with real high tech stuff.
FLIR is one of them.
a forward looking infrared.
how does this kind
of technology differ
from other sensor systems?
Right. so we're living in
a different world now
where we have corroborative
video and thermal evidence.
so it's not just
a pilot saying.
"Hey. I saw a UFO.
it did some amazing
maneuvers."
Now you have.
as you said. forward
looking infrared
which is a thermal camera.
you have night vision
which amplifies light.
We also have radar
and also just corroborative
sensor data
that is not released
to the public.
they all tell the same tale
about UFOs.
Okay. can I play
devil's advocate here
for a moment?
Uh. let me put on
my skeptic hat.
we've got 143
unidentified objects
or instances here
in this report.
a skeptic might say.
"Well. they're unidentified.
you know. despite all
this high tech equipment
in the FLIR and the radar.
We don't know what
these things are.
they still look blurry
and fuzzy."
What do we say to that?
Well. more than 80.
more than half of the cases
in that report are confirmed
by more than one sensor.
so they've got a pretty strong
indication that these are
physical objects.
they appear to be
manufactured objects.
they have some kind
of propulsion system
that we do not understand.
And what about the possibility
that these objects are.
you know. from our own
planet?
Could these belong
to a foreign government
and adversary?
That's also addressed in here
and they have to leave
those options open
in the report. they say.
could be foreign made
technology.
although we have
no evidence of that.
Could it be secret
American technology?
Yeah. but there's no evidence
of that either.
But that's a big
question. right?
Could this be a technology
that comes from us. you know.
the US military.
the most advanced military
in the world.
do we have the technology
to create objects like this?
We do not.
-[chuckles]
-Not that anyone
I've ever talked to.
I've been pretty far.
far up the food chain
and no one says
that this is our technology.
Okay. a lot more
on this tonight obviously.
one of the simplest takeaways
from the report so far
that you're going
to be hearing a lot
about tonight
is the term of UAP.
which stands for
unidentified aerial phenomena.
it is the official somewhat
fancier government name
for UFOs.
But until that catches on.
you're going to be hearing
both terms tonight.
and right now.
we are going to hear
from our co-host
Jessica Chobot
who has an exclusive
live interview. Jessica.
Thanks. Josh.
We have got a lot of questions
to address tonight
and our first guest is here
to help get some answers.
Joining us now remotely
is counterterrorism
subcommittee chairman.
André Carson. who led
the classified briefing
on UAPs
for members
of the House Intelligence
Committee.
Good to see you.
Congressman Carson.
What a pleasure. thank you.
Thanks for being
on the show.
so I'll jump right in.
what. why do you feel
that the report was important
enough to push through?
Well. I think for me.
you know.
that this is a national
security priority.
If there is technology
out there that
we can't explain
that has huge implications
for the safety and security
of the American people.
you know. for many years.
I've been urging
our intelligence community
to take UAPs.
commonly known as UFOs
more seriously
for this very reason.
so. I'm very pleased
that we're moving in
the right direction
on that goal.
Awesome. So were
you pleased with
the results of the report?
I mean. you mentioned
you were moving towards
the goal.
but are you pleased
with the report itself?
Well. I was pleased
that the DNI issued
a public report on this issue.
obviously. the content
of the report shows
that we need to do
a lot more research
and investigating.
Even though this report
didn't give us all
of the answers.
It's very significant
because it represents
a big shift
in the way
our intelligence community
handles information.
So. what part of the report
stands out the most to you?
You know. I think the size
and scale of the reporting
on UAPs is the most
significant.
-Mm-hmm.
-The DNI report clearly
outlines an initial baseline
for the sheer number
of UAP events.
There were 144 reports
of UAP events
from government sources
and 80 of those reports
involve multiple sensors
that detect the UAP.
so that's a fairly
sizable number.
Um. you know.
it's not a one off.
So. once. you know.
it's not a. it's not
a once in a blue moon
phenomenon.
Something is going on here
and we all know
how to explain it.
So with that being said.
then what do you personally
believe the UAPs are?
Well. I'll say this.
I. I think we have
a lot more investigating to do
before I can answer
that confidently.
Mmm-hmm.
But I think a lot of us.
a lot of folks like me.
um. would like to say
that we...
we suspect if
there's extraterrestrial life.
but. you know.
the intelligence community
says we can't completely rule
that out. but it's clear.
we have to do
a lot more digging.
All of the stakeholders
have to come together
and put aside any
preconceived notions
about UAPs
and really engage
in a very good faith effort
to study the potential
security threat. obviously.
so we need teams
of experts across
the national security space
and across the intelligence
community as well
as civilian reports
really studying this issue.
Taking input. and I think
making very sound conclusions
about what this could be.
whether it's a threat
to our national security
And where I believe I can be
the most helpful
is by encouraging
more research and informing
the public as much as we can
about these findings.
Well. it's been great
talking to you.
Thank you
so much for your time. sir.
-What an honor. Thank you.
-Thank you. Josh.
Thanks. Jessica.
Well. we have
a packed show tonight.
including an interview
with former White House
Chief of Staff.
John Podesta and stunning
just released video
from the deck of
the aircraft carrier
USS Omaha.
It is just one piece
of the incredible footage
that we're going
to be reviewing tonight
as we unravel the identity
of these unidentified objects
and during the break.
hit us up on Twitter
using the hashtag
UFOs Declassified Live.
send in your questions.
your comments. your photos.
heck. send in your UFO footage
if you've got it.
It's a big night and we are
just getting started.
so stay tuned.
Welcome back
to UFOs Declassified Live.
I'm Josh Gates.
In addition to being
a former White House
Chief of Staff.
John Podesta has been
a longtime believer
in the possibility
of extraterrestrial life.
to discuss the latest
revelations in
the Pentagon UFO report
is John Podesta.
Thanks for joining us. sir.
Good to be with you. Josh.
Well. look I know that
you have been calling
for the release of this
kind of information
for a long time.
so you must be relieved
that this report has come out.
having read it.
what's your takeaway?
Well. I welcomed it.
Uh. it answered a lot
of. it gave us a lot
of information.
but it opened up
more questions
than it answered.
Right. And I know
you have said
for a long time
that that really all
of this information
should be declassified.
there is a classified version
of this report.
there's also video.
we know that the Pentagon
has not released.
Do you believe still
that all of that should
come out?
Yes. and I think
the American people
would welcome that.
Uh. we know that
the United States government
has had 144 encounters
with unidentified aerial
phenomenon since 2004.
and they can only explain
one of them.
So. let the public
look at this data.
look at the video.
let scientists chew on it
and I think we'll learn
a lot more about
what the. what these
UAP phenomena really
is all about.
You famously tweeted in 2014
that you felt that one
of your greatest failures
was not securing the release
of this information during
the Obama administration.
why do you think
it's so important
that the public
get a look at this?
I think the public really
is very intrigued by
whether there is life
and whether these UAPs
are examples of that
and there's just
tremendous popular interest.
Uh. and I think that the.
the government really has
an obligation not to hide it.
uh. not to. not to pretend
that it doesn't exist.
not to be embarrassed by it.
but just put the information
out. let people see it.
understand it. debate it.
And considering we have now
in this report. 143 examples
of what seemed
to be technologically advanced
something that has been
detected.
Does this represent
an intelligence failure
on some level
that we don't know
what these objects are?
Well. look. I think
for a long time.
there was just a stigma
involved in even discussing
this phenomena.
-Right.
-And so I think people
look the other way.
And I'm glad now as a result
of efforts.
really heroic efforts.
particularly by former
Democratic Senator Harry Reid
to push this out
into the public.
The Pentagon's taking it
seriously. they've created
a UAP Task Force.
the Navy and Air Force
both have programs.
but again.
I'd like to see this more
on the civilian side.
led by civilian scientists.
so that we don't have
this cover of classification.
uh. hiding a lot
of information
from the American public.
Well. I'm sure there is
much more information
to come on this front.
Thank you so much
for your time today.
I really appreciate it. sir.
Thanks for having me on.
You know this latest round
of UAP sightings generates
a lot of questions.
none more important
than friend or foe.
are these UAPs friendly
or could they be set on
doing us harm?
And regardless of whether
they're an earthly adversary
or extra-terrestrial.
how prepared is our military?
[pilot] Oh. my gosh. dude.
[Jim] Something is out there
and we don't know what it is.
people start seeing
unidentified flying objects
and they're coming over
a military bases.
and we don't know
what to do about it.
I wonder if we are not
in some ways less prepared
for this problem
than we were 70 years ago.
the facts are that we have
unexplained aerial phenomena
that are penetrating
our airspace.
we don't know what they are.
We don't understand
their capabilities.
they seem to defy the laws
of physics as we know it.
[man] Lift off.
The United States Navy
has admitted that there are
objects which they do not know
what they are.
So whether or not
there's enough data
in all of these videos
is not the key point.
The key point
is the US Navy admits
that they can't identify
the objects.
[Jim] It is definitely
displaying technology
in order
of technology well. well
beyond we have here.
Uh. how do we take that?
Uh. I don't know. I mean.
do we see that as a threat?
Are we ready.
are the world
governments ready?
Is the United States
ready to defend itself
against this threat.
We've never seen
anything like it.
The amount of G forces
they contain.
we don't know whether
they're piloted
or remotely controlled
or their drones.
-[pilot] What was... Splash.
-Splash.
They seem to be
especially concentrated.
where there are
nuclear facilities
there are nuclear tests.
or there are nuclear
propulsion systems
in the military.
It's been reported
these things accelerate
through the sound barrier.
but without a sonic boom.
This implies almost
a new physics
in terms of defining a threat.
The military sometimes use
the equation
capability times intent
equals threat.
We don't have one
of the values.
the capability looks really.
really impressive.
The intent remains
completely unknown.
Well. joining veteran
investigative reporter
George Knapp
and documentarian
and UFO expert
Jeremy Corbell
on the panel.
our former member
of the British Ministry
of Defense Nick Pope
and former CIA officer
Jim Semivan.
Welcome to you both.
Thanks for being here.
-You're welcome. Josh.
thanks for having us here.
-Absolutely. I'm.
I'm intimidated and terrified
of you both.
All right. let's. let's get
into some questions here.
the report found
that there was clustering
around military assets.
So. Jim. do you see this
as intentional targeting
of our ships and facilities?
Oh. yes. absolutely.
You know. we had
an incident in 2019.
where they were close
to what 50 to 100 UAP swarming
and nine vessel. I mean.
nine vessel warships
uh. you know. were they
interested in what?
Surveillance or were they.
be interested in being
threatening.
uh. we don't know
that for sure.
[Josh] I've also heard reports
about this kind of clustering
happening around nuclear sites
is that true?
Absolutely and we have them
around nuclear sites.
nuclear missile sites.
nuclear testing facilities.
and we also have them
around our intercontinental
ballistic missile sites.
And. you know. you look at
this and you say. well.
you know. what is this about?
I mean all this has been
well documented.
but they appear to be strongly
interested in our nuclear
technology. that's for sure.
Sort of terrifying to hear.
-It is terrifying. yeah.
-Uh. Nick.
you brought up something
really interesting
in the package
we just watched.
I wanna make sure I get
this right. you brought up
the equation
capability times intent
equals threat.
So. you know. one of
the alarming details
in this report
is that if the data
is accurate. the capabilities
of these. of these objects
seems kind of off the charts.
Can we really know
their intent?
No. we can't.
If this was Russia
or China.
intelligence officers
would have a fair idea.
but if it's something unknown.
possibly extraterrestrial.
We have no idea.
Therefore. we can't define
the threat
and if you can't define
or evaluate it.
hope for the best.
prepare for the worst.
So. okay. well. let's say
that they do have
these tremendous capabilities
and that we don't know
what they are.
I mean. if that's.
if that's the case.
shouldn't President Biden
be hiding in a bunker
somewhere. Jim?
I mean.
I'm getting nervous here.
Well. not necessarily. I mean.
you know.
in 1940. '47. the Air Force
came out and they said.
"We don't deem UAPs a threat."
And there's no evidence
to we have right now
that they're an existential
threat to this country
or and to anybody else.
So. at the moment. they seem
to pose more of a hazard
to aviation than they do
a threat to the military
or to the country.
Let's talk about technology
here. Jim. do you.
do you see these UAPs
as being more advanced
than our top of the line
stealth arsenal?
Oh. I think absolutely.
absolutely. you know.
stealth technology
is all about low visibility.
it's like not being seen.
Well. these things are UAPs
on steroids.
I mean. these are. I'm sorry
stealth fighters aircraft
on steroids.
They seem to appear
and disappear instantaneously.
So. you have
to ask yourself. I mean.
are they using
a cloaking device. what are
they doing to get this?
I've even read. Nick.
that some people
have theorized that
our own stealth technology
is somehow based off
of these UAPs.
that feels a little
farfetched to me.
what do you make of that?
Well. I don't know if we got
stealth technology from UFOs.
but UFOs seem to be using it
and one of the really
interesting things
in the report to Congress
is the phrase. "signature
management."
These objects are taking
active measures to suppress
their radar signature
making it more difficult
for us to track them.
there's an intelligence
at play here.
All of this is so fascinating.
Uh. I was just informed
that we are trending
on Twitter
which I think speaks
to the fascination
that people have
with this topic.
I want to check in
with my co-host
Jessica Chobot.
she is an investigator
in her own right.
Tonight. she is digging in
with a very special guest
to get some answers. Jess.
Thank you. Josh. with me
right now is former F-16
fighter pilot.
Tracy Latourette. to give us
her insight on a pilot's
eye view of these phenomena.
So. Tracy. a common theme
when discussing these UAPs
has been that they are
more advanced than
our military's finest.
Our US stealth aircraft
is highly regarded though
and our foreign adversaries
also have stealth
technology as well.
So can you please give us
the rundown on these different
types of craft?
You bet. Jess. so the term
stealth refers to
an aircraft's ability
to avoid detection by radar.
we typically hear stealth
and think of. well.
most often the B-2 Spirit
or the F-117 Nighthawk.
this is the bomber.
this is our fighter.
The great thing is
we've been able to take
lessons we've learned
from the employment
of these two aircraft
and design
the latest fifth generation
stealth technology
which is at the end
down there.
the F-22 Raptor
and not shown
our F-35 Lightning II.
So. that's our latest
and greatest.
but we're not alone.
-Mm-hmm.
-We're not the only countries
that have these.
the Chinese have
the Chengdu J-20.
The Russians have
the SU-57.
so it's important that
we continue to stay ahead
of the competition.
we're always looking
for emerging threats.
Interesting. so what puts
the stealth heads
and shoulders above the rest?
Well. I think that's really
one of the best things
about our nation. is not only
are we. do we have
these great aircraft
that have proven time
and again
that they're incredibly
effective.
But. we never give up.
we never rest.
we're always pushing
the envelope.
In fact. this technologies.
or. I'm sorry. that F-22
and 35 technology
-is 20 years old.
-Yeah.
-So I would love to know
what is classified.
-What's going on?
-what's behind the curtain.
-[laughs]
-Something's happening.
-Oh. for sure.
Well. can any of these
aircraft actually move
like the UAPs
we've been capturing
and seeing?
I haven't seen any of them
move exactly like that.
but we do have some
that have some thrust
vectoring
that does allow them
to do some interesting
maneuvers.
but it's still very different
than. than what
we're seeing tonight.
Interesting. all right. well.
thank you for your insight.
Tracy. Josh. back to you.
Thank you. Jessica and Tracy.
Next up. we have got one
of the most incredible videos
responsible for
the compilation
of the Pentagon report.
it is called
the Tic Tac video.
and you will not believe
how this thing moves.
Plus. we've got
that amazing. newly released
footage from the deck
of the USS Omaha.
when our broadcast continues
and tweet us using
the hashtag UFOs Declassified
Live on Twitter
and share your close
encounter stories.
We'll be right back.
[Josh] Welcome back to UFOs
Declassified Live.
well. based on our poll.
it looks like 66.7% of you
do not believe there is
any evidence of hostility
with recent UFO sightings.
Peace loving aliens.
The other 33% of you.
Mars Attacks.
Welcome back to the show.
uh. I am really excited
that you're all here.
we're having an amazing time
going through the recently
submitted to the public.
Pentagon UFO report.
Uh. joining us now.
we have a very special guest
here joining our panel.
we have got our resident
F-16 fighter pilot
Tracy Latourrette.
welcome. thank you
for joining us.
-Thanks for having me.
-Of course.
So. as we just saw.
the report that was
just delivered to Congress
leans heavily on the accounts
of military aviators.
Of course. that makes sense.
They are equipped
with the best surveillance
technology around
and footage captured
using this high end gear
is difficult to dispute.
Get ready for this.
the following was captured
using FLIR.
forward looking infrared
in 2004
on the USS Nimitz
in San Diego. check it out.
All right. Jeremy. walk us
through what we are
looking at here.
[Jeremy] Right. so.
this is FLIR footage
which is a thermal footage
who was Commander
Chad Underwood
who was tasked out towards
the tic tac object.
remember there were
a lot of Tic Tacs dropping in
from 80.000 feet down
to sea level
in less than a second
and a half.
incredible speeds.
but they caught one of them.
and this is footage
of that. and you'll see
at towards the end
of the footage. it does
shoot off to the left end
that the tracking pot.
it's outside of the tolerance
of it.
so it can't hold it
at the end.
Incredible speeds
are demonstrated
at the end of this video.
[Josh] Absolutely.
remarkable stuff.
so I have to take this over
to Tracy at this point.
you're the only one here
at this table who really knows
what it's like to fly around
in a fighter jet. let's say
you see one of these things.
what do you do?
what's your.
what's your response?
Well. what you do.
it depends. right?
That's always the answer.
But the first thing is always
going to be inserting
just a split second pause
that allows me
that critical moment.
to become aware
of the critical details
in the surroundings.
assess the situation
and then act in accordance
with my objective.
So. in this case. that means
that I want to identify
whether or not this
is a friendly target
or a friendly
or if it's something else.
and whether or not
I'm able to identify that.
the next thing is going to be.
"Do I see any kind
of hostile intent?"
-And luckily. I don't see
any here so...
-All right. well. that's good.
As a pilot.
Have you ever seen
anything like this?
I have never seen
anything like this.
so it's pretty exciting.
Okay. Wow.
All right. George.
I want to turn to you
for a moment here.
I've heard people refer
to a kind of checklist
of authenticity
when it comes to UFOs.
the four main criteria being
footage. eye witnesses.
radar. and propulsion.
For you. how many boxes
does this footage check?
All of them. I mean.
we've seen the footage.
The whole world has seen
that footage is.
and is impressed by it.
The witnesses are
the most trustworthy people.
they're naval aviators.
best fighter pilots
in the world.
all credible people
with top security clearances.
the propulsion system
is the question mark.
All we know that it is
that it's not ours.
Jim. any chance that
what we're seeing
in this video
is a top secret
US military project?
Yeah. it's highly unlikely.
it would be absolute folly
for one branch of the military
to introduce
a new technology into
a active military exercise.
in this particular case.
a navy exercise.
it'd be too much chance
for error and mistakes
to be made
and the Navy hierarchy
in this case would never
have permitted it.
Tracy. just to give me
some sense of this.
how advanced would
this object have to be
to be up there competing
with our own.
you know. stealth aircraft
and jet fighters.
I mean. compare the two
for me.
Well. I think. to be able
to move as abruptly
and as fast as
this object does.
it has to be significantly
more advanced
than our fifth generation
technology.
but as I mentioned before.
that's been around
for 20 years.
so I'd have a hard time
believing that there's not
a whole lot of advancement
going on at those highest
classified levels
and. remember.
none of us are allowed
to know everything.
So...
But. does that mean
that you think this
could be something
that's US military or no?
I think that the level
of classification
that we have protects us.
And. so I think
that it's possible.
It is possible. George.
one of the things that really
jumps out at me
about the Tic Tac video
is that it comes from 2004.
Why do you think it took
17 years to catch
the public's attention
like this?
Well. it actually came out.
it was leaked.
somebody shot it off
a screen and it got
put up on an obscure website
then quickly taken down
and in a couple
of years later.
there was a behind
the scenes study that was done
that interviewed
all the pilots. collected
all that information.
It wasn't until Jeremy
and I started talking about it
in early 2017
that the public was starting
to catch on.
And then The New York Times
got the video and it exploded.
they put it on the front page.
I think that is why that story
went all over the world.
Amazing stuff. All right.
Coming up.
an exclusive interview
with the airmen who captured
the footage of the Tic Tac
and later.
we will be sharing
riveting footage
of a recent UAP sighting
you do not want to miss.
And we'll be speaking
to the man who released it.
the guy sitting next to me.
Jeremy Corbell.
as our experts continue
to examine the evidence
and arrive at their verdict.
Adversary. alien
or something else?
And let us know
what you think.
We're trending on Twitter.
so please continue
to hit us up
using the hashtag
UFOs Declassified Live.
send us your UAP pics
and footage.
Be right back.
[Josh] Welcome back
to the show. our live poll
shows that folks
are pretty divided on
what the tic tac video
actually shows.
We've got a real split opinion
on this front.
Welcome back
to UFOs Declassified Live.
I'm Josh Gates and joining me
on my esteemed panel
of experts.
Our UFO aficionados
Jeremy Corbell. George Knapp.
and Jim Samivan.
Okay. so before the break.
we saw this Tic Tac video.
It is a remarkable
and compelling piece
of evidence
suggesting to some
that there could be
extra-terrestrial life.
The footage was captured back
in 2004 by former Navy airman
commander Chad Underwood
who actually coined the term
Tic Tac UFO.
He has never
spoken publicly about
this incident. until now.
Now. Jeremy. I understand
that when Chad spotted this.
whatever this was.
the systems on his aircraft
actually jammed?
Yeah. his optics and weapon
systems were actively jammed.
Okay. This is amazing stuff.
let's take a look.
Declassified videos
and authentic
Department of Defense footage.
[man] Splash.
[man on radio]
There's a whole fleet...
[Josh] You should have been
able to target it.
you weren't. that is
a indication of active
jamming. is that correct?
-Yes.
-Wow.
Once I got the target
of interest on my radar.
I took a lock.
and that's when all the kind
of the funky things
started happening.
The erratic nature
of the Tic Tac.
the airspeed
was very telling to me.
Then we started seeing
what we call jam strobe lines.
strobe lines
are vertical lines
that show up on your radar
that are indications
that you're being jammed.
[indistinct radio chatter]
Interview. uh.
I got to ask first. first off.
how did you get Chad
to speak out about this?
He's been really
reluctant to do that.
Right. so. Commander
David Fravor is the man
that chased the UFO
to United States military.
this same UFO is when
that Commander Underwood
was able to film
and he hasn't talked.
-I like to believe I have
a charming personality.
-[laughs]
American can decide
for themselves.
but. also just. you know.
we became friends.
we became friends over time
talking about this.
I'm just curious.
I wanted to know.
Look. his aircraft
was actively jammed.
What that means
is the UFO was sending
a signal to actively jam.
which are tied into
his weapons systems.
that is an act of war
under normal circumstances.
even though this is
highly abnormal.
George. this is
your first time seeing
this video. what do you think?
Game changer?
Chad Underwood oozes
credibility. like David Favre.
likes Alex Dietrich.
like Ryan Graves.
these naval aviators
are the best pilots
in the world. we trust them.
we trust them to fly
these multimillion dollar
planes.
we trust their judgment.
We give them top secret
security clearances.
so when they tell us
that something
is amiss up there.
that this is a genuine UFO
and I've never seen
anything like it.
I believe them.
Jim. as our clandestine
expert here.
Are you surprised
that Chad came forward?
Yes. actually. I am.
given the taboo associated
with reporting UAPs.
he's very brave to do this.
very courageous to do this.
[Josh] Right. because
a lot of pilots.
they see something like this.
The last thing
they're going to do is
-Talk about it. right?
-Exactly.
That could be damaging for
their career.
It could be a career killer.
Even in this UAP report
that was
released last week. it notes
there's still a stigma
attached to this.
Even though the navy
two years ago
changed its policies.
and tried to encourage
pilots to go ahead.
if you see something.
say something.
a lot of them won't do it.
All right.
Lots to think about here.
Let's go to Jessica and Tracy
for a closer look
at the tic tac video.
Thanks Josh.
Tracy. as a former
fighter pilot.
what makes the tic tack video
so compelling?
I think the tic tac video is
interesting because it's not
like anything most pilots
have seen before.
And when you look at it.
it's in one spot
and then kind of pulls away.
But you can see that
he's working really hard
to maintain the lock.
And that suggests that just as
we heard there may have been
some active radar jamming.
And that is definitely
something that's
going to get my attention.
Yeah. for sure.
Well. at the end
of the tic tac video.
like you said the craft
zooms off here
kind of to the left.
is it possible that the pilot
banked to the right
inadvertently and created
his own illusion?
That's a great question.
Actually. if you look
in the center
of the blue line there.
you can see what looks like
the little aircraft.
higher above it.
-Uh-huh.
-Up there. yeah.
We call that
the flight path marker.
it's straight in line with
what we call
the horizon line
on either side.
and that's not in a bank.
So. what we're seeing
is that the aircraft
is fairly straight and level.
and that suggests to me
that that object is actually
doing exactly what we think.
it's zooming off on its own.
That was a great explanation.
Obviously I don't know
how to read radar.
So. is there anything else on
this screen that we should be
paying attention to?
What does it mean?
I think an interesting
thing here. you know.
we're looking at
infrared technology.
And down in the lower left.
you can see it says WHT.
It's blurry and hard to see.
but that means
we're operating at this moment
what's called a white hot.
If the object is white.
that means it's hot.
That's what we expect to see
from an aircraft because
the engine shows hot.
so it would show white.
Very interesting.
Thanks again. Tracy.
Josh. back to you.
Thanks. Jessica and Tracy.
Coming up. we have got more
incredible information
to share from
the pentagon report
and breathtaking video
that checks all the big boxes.
it is not to be missed.
And stick around
as our experts
are drawing ever closer
to their conclusion.
Adversaries. aliens
or neither?
And don't forget
to share your thoughts.
your photos
and footage with us
on twitter
using #ufosdeclassifiedlive.
Welcome back to
UFOs Declassified Live.
Just five days ago.
the intelligence community
and the public
at large received
a long-awaited government
confirmation of UFO activity.
I'm joined by our panel
live in Las Vegas
to discuss the headline making
pentagon report.
Okay. Let's go back
in time. Jeremy.
to Roswell. the grandaddy
of all American UFO stories
in 1947.
We've got a 57-year gap
between that
and the accounts that we see
in this pentagon report.
So. why this gap?
I assume there must've been
UFO sightings in that
intervening time.
Yeah. that's interesting.
So. the report is going
just from the tic tac UFO case
and then forward
because a lot of the censored
data that they have
and they wanna work
with the military data
is in those years.
But UFOs have been consistent
all the way through.
Why do you think Roswell
continues to capture
our imagination?
Because it did
in the first place.
Because the United States
military admitted
they had a crashed
flying saucer.
They turned it around
the next day.
but there was a moment
they admitted it.
[Josh] George. can we talk
about Area 51?
You were such
a key player
in breaking that story
wide open.
What is the connection between
Area 51 and Roswell?
The story of Roswell has been
muddied over the years
and I think on purpose.
The first story came from
the U.S. military.
They said a flying saucer
crashed out there.
Then they changed it to.
it was a weather balloon.
Then they changed it again to
a super-duper double
secret probation
weather balloon.
It was hard to get a good
handle of what was out there.
But if you had a crashed
flying saucer.
if you're trying to
take it apart.
reverse engineer it.
figure out how it works.
where would you take it?
I would say the top
of the list
would be area 51 because
it has been
the location of choice
for testing all kinds of
top secret platforms.
The U-2. the Black Bird.
the stealth fighter
were all developed out there.
I've interviewed two dozen
witnesses or more
who over the years
worked out there
and said they've seen
something that sure
looks like a flying saucer
that we were taking apart.
to figure out how it worked.
not building it.
Incredible stuff.
I want to pore over
some of the language
in this report with you. Jim.
It says. and I'm quoting.
"Some UAP. maybe.
technologies
deployed by China. Russia.
another nation. a
non-governmental
entity perhaps.
So. what does
a non-governmental
entity constitute?
I was not really sure
what they meant by that.
There's a possibility
they meant either
a terrorist organization
or perhaps
a rogue private
corporation.
But in my opinion.
I think it's
highly unlikely that
China. Russia.
or a non-governmental
entity is behind UAPs.
Could this be just the case
of an individual. Nick?
I guess I turn to you.
How do we know
these UAPs aren't.
you know.
some kid with a drone?
Because I'm sure that's what
a lot of skeptics
would put forward. right?
All the drones we have
out there and we've seen
problems with drones
at airports
and other places.
Could that be what people
are seeing?
Well. I think drones might
explain some sightings.
but not all.
the report says
there are multiple
explanations for UFOs.
We know what drones look like.
We know what kind of
heat signatures
some of them give off.
what radar returns.
And this is not drone.
There's something else
at play here.
Right. Drones are not giving
fighter jets
a run for their money
typically.
Absolutely. Again.
it's the capability here.
It's running rings around our
best cutting edge technology.
So. if whatever these are
are extraterrestrial.
if there are aliens out there
and they are.
as they would have
to be here a technologically
advanced species.
then chances are they come
from what is known as
a Goldilocks planet
where conditions
for life are just right.
With more. here's Jessica
and renowned astrophysicist
and author of Quantum Life.
Dr. Hakeem Oluseyi.
Thank you. Josh.
Dr. O. we know
our universe is vast
and there are more planets
beyond our solar system.
so let's talk about life
on those planets.
To say our universe is vast
is an understatement.
This representation right here
shows galaxies.
We think of galaxies as being
the basic building blocks
of the universe
and there's 2 trillion
galaxies
in the observable universe.
Now. each galaxies has
on average 100 billion stars.
so that's 100 billion
trillion stars
that we're talking about.
And what we learned from
the Kepler satellite.
is that star. when they form.
planet formation is
a side effect of
star formation.
So. just about every star
has planets.
So. we're talking about
multiples of a hundred billion
trillion when we're talking
about planets.
So that's a lot of opportunity
for life in the universe
and for technological life
to come about in the universe.
That's amazing.
Tons of opportunities there.
So. I know there are different
types of goldilocks planets.
So. let's talk about
the ice covered ones.
What makes it so special?
So. when we look for life
away from earth.
we have a phrase.
and that phrase is.
"Follow the water."
What we see for
ice covered worlds.
like we have right here
we have these in our own
solar system.
Enceladus and Europa.
are moons.
that have ice
on the surface.
and the ice is miles thick.
But under underneath
there's a liquid water ocean.
And what we know about life.
based on the work
of biologists
and astrobiologists
-of the last 20 years...
-Mmm-hmm
...is that life starts in the
absence of light and oxygen.
So. life could get started
on a place just like this.
Okay. and so. then what about
earth-like exoplanets?
Yeah.
Now we're getting to planets
-that are more like
ourselves. right?
-Yeah.
So we're talking
about rocky worlds.
And these rocky worlds
have a surface.
And on earth's surface.
that's where we have
a lot of water.
Now it turns out that
one of the
most common type
of earth-like planets is
what we call a super earth.
They're more massive.
bigger and gravity
is stronger.
so. there is a life form that
comes into existence there.
it's going to be
a lot stronger
and a lot shorter.
So. think
dwarf Incredible Hulks.
That's amazing.
All right. so tell us
then about...
What are habitable zones?
Right. so the habitable zone.
is kind of an old idea.
because we thought about
the habitable zone as
where life may form
and where life
may be found.
But like I said.
we now know
that life is not formed.
And what this
has to do with is
how far away
the planet is from its star
so it can have liquid
water on its surface.
Now...
What this doesn't tell you is
what's the light conditions
on the surface of the star.
So. here on earth
something really
special happened.
Whereas most planets
where you're going
to find liquid.
they're going to be
under thick atmospheres
or miles of ice.
or miles of rock.
On earth we have
a transparent atmosphere.
So. we have an ocean.
with early life in it.
you mix it up
and shine energy on it
-for four billion years.
what do you get?
-Mmm-hmm.
Eventually. that life learns
to use that light
to create oxygen.
which is deadly
to early life.
but it allows
and sets the stage for
life like ourselves.
So. a habitable zone
is where you can
have an explosion of life
that can lead to intelligent
and technologically
advanced life.
So. someone flipped the
lights on and it's go time.
That's right.
After a few billion years.
After... Yeah.
Give or take. yeah.
Thanks for your time. Dr. O.
Josh. back to you.
Thanks. Jessica and Dr. O.
Now turning from science
to science fiction.
One of the longest running
and popular tv shows
in sci-fi history
was The X-files.
The show's creator.
Chris Carter spoke candidly
about the Pentagon report
and the possibility of
life beyond earth.
People asked me
what I believe
in the UFO phenomenon
and alien abduction
phenomenon.
and I'm kind of a hybrid
of Mulder and Scully.
Like Mulder I want to believe
like that poster on his wall.
and like Scully.
I want to see the science.
Uh. I'm skeptical by nature.
For me the videos
are exciting.
That on modern equipment
and with modern technology
We are capturing something
that is out there.
and it's behaving
in a strange
and mysterious manner.
This is a really exciting time
We may or may not learn
what these things are.
but I think it's...
recent studies
and recent sightings
have pushed things forward.
i think our reactions
to the UFO videos
are healthy.
The pilots. for me.
seem unimpeachable.
What they gathered
from their avionics
or radar
seems beyond doubt
that they saw those things.
and that their reactions
to them are real.
[man] Oh! Got him!
[Chris] So the X-Files.
and the subject matter
and UFOs
are being some credence
that they might not have
had before.
You know. I believe that we
don't have answers.
I believe that we're searching
for answers.
I believe that there are
the possibility of
alien life out there.
Like Carl Sagan
who actually said.
you know. "There's more
chance than not."
And now we've discovered
since the '90s
there are these
exoplanets revolving
around their own suns.
The chance is
even greater now there is
life on these planets.
The truth is out there.
We've asked for your tweets.
photos and footage.
Let's see who answered
the call.
Artemis here says.
"Do you think we'll meet
actual aliens
in our lifetime?"
Nick. what are your thoughts
on that?
I hope so. I think ours
will be the generation
that makes that discovery
whether it's through
-science or UFOs or both.
-Fantastic.
Asked and answered.
Don't be shy about sending us
your questions using
the #UFOsDeclassifiedLIVE.
Josh. take it away.
Well. coming up. we will be
screening the entire footage
that got the entire
pentagon report rolling.
Plus our experts will debate
the origins of the UAPs
when UFOs Declassified:
LIVE returns.
Welcome back to
UFOs Declassified: LIVE.
I'm Josh Gates. Personally.
I have been blown away
by what we've seen so far.
And man. we are
just warming up.
There is so much more.
Earlier this year.
the pentagon confirmed
that one of the most
intriguing UFO videos
on record.
footage of a mysterious
triangular airborne craft.
sourced by our own
Jeremy Corbell here
back in 2019
is indeed authentic.
Check this out. This is
the pyramid-shaped UFO.
All right. Walk me
through this. Jeremy.
-What are we looking at?
-[Jeremy] Sure.
So. George and I obtained
and released.
this is night vision through
a night vision binocular
on board of the USS Russell.
There are pyramid-shaped UFOs.
numerous of them.
Three of them
were about 700 feet.
They are slow
and go with the ship.
[Josh] Oh. look at that.
It's not just one object.
It's multiple objects there.
[Jeremy] Right. One is
blinking and there's been
a lot of thought about that.
is this just the UFO blinking
or is this reflection
from a surface
and the blinking is something
from the ship.
We don't know. But these are
pyramid-shaped UFOs.
swarming a Navy warship.
USS Russell.
[Josh] Absolutely
incredible footage.
It's just mind bending because
you look at it and you think.
"What am I looking at here?"
[Jeremy] Confirmed
by the pentagon not.
only filmed by our military.
but also to be included
as an unknown unidentified.
They're UFOs
and they're admitting it.
Okay. so this footage
gets even crazier
because as amazing as this is.
this footage
was taken by the USS Russell
off the coast of San Diego
at the same exact same time.
nearby the USS Omaha
detected its own swarm
of unidentified objects.
Take a look at their radar
and give a listen
to the reaction
of the military personnel.
This is amazing.
[man 1] If you can ride
a general that long
where we're at.
The number of contacts
you got. speed meters off.
-Yeah.
-Roll that position to us.
Eyes up. eyes up.
[indistinct radio chatter]
781 just sped up
to 46 knots. 50 knots.
closing in.
38 knots.
what the [bleep] is that?
-That one's pretty much
perfectly 000 relative. right?
-Yeah.
263 in three miles.
55 knots speed.
All right. This just makes
my head hurt because.
you know. I have to say
I am a skeptically
minded person. but I look
at the pyramid footage
and I think. okay.
that's intriguing.
Then I look at the radar
from the Omaha nearby.
Now I really don't know
what to think.
And it gets even crazier.
I'm going to show you now
flair footage taken
from the Omaha.
It's a different view of one
of the UAP involved
in the radar swarm.
Give a listen to this.
It is really exciting.
Omaha. across the possibility
to launch kilo ASAP.
We're splashing apparently.
-Keep going. bro.
-[indistinct chatter]
We're making that [bleep].
Yeah. it's coming down.
We got some water up there.
six foot twelves.
Well. it's getting close.
Damn. we have
uh. 31 knots sustained.
wind topside. gusts of 40.
-It splashed.
-Splashed. Bearing a range.
-So. it goes in the water.
-Yeah.
It's suspected that it goes
into the water like
a transmedian vehicle.
They're not exactly sure.
but they did send out
-a submarine to look for it.
-So walk me through this term
'cause I've heard this
before. a transmedia vehicle.
This means it can be
in the air and underwater.
Right. So something that can
penetrate the space
between air and sea
without disturbance.
without destruction.
It's just remarkable to see it
do that.
Nick. is it possible that
what appears to be an object
going into the water here
is some sort of. I don't know.
stealth technology.
optical illusion?
Well. I wonder if it isn't
like the old magician's trick.
if doing something
with one hand.
but the real action
is going on in the other.
And. I mean.
this is extraordinary.
But in 2018. the defense
intelligence agency
wrote to Congress
about a number of studies
being undertaken under
the Pentagon's A-tip program.
And in there were all this
advanced theoretical
physical concepts
such as warp drives.
worm holes and invisibility.
And we mentioned
this submarine.
they did send a submarine
-down to look for this thing?
-Yes. 'cause understand.
This was a swarm.
There were multiple UFOs
across many ships.
And so when they see this one
that goes or appears
to go into the water.
they wanted to find
the wreckage of the craft.
I have to say. as compelling
as the report is.
this sequence
of this flair footage.
the radar footage.
the night vision.
it's just so interesting.
Okay. And also.
unidentified objects.
they are not just something
that are appearing
in the United States.
Up next. we're going to
investigate UAP sightings
from around the globe.
Plus. we have got some
phenomenal new footage
from the deck of the Omaha
which checks all the boxes.
And maybe the final piece
of evidence our experts need
to nail down whether
these UAPs are adversary.
extraterrestrial or
something else entirely.
And later. we'll be joined
by none other
than the head of NASA.
Welcome back to
UFOs Declassified: LIVE.
I'm your host Josh Gates.
The footage of pyramid-shaped
UFOs may be relatively new
to many of us.
but actually pyramid videos
have been around
for quite a while.
In fact. our own George Knapp
smuggled some pyramid
UFO footage out of Russia
several few years ago.
Let's go to Jessica
and the man himself
to talk about it. Jess?
Thanks. Josh.
George. let's talk a look
at your pyramid video
-and you can tell me about it.
-Okay.
So what have we got here?
This is a huge pyramid-shaped
object. not triangle.
but pyramid that was shot
over the skies of Latvia
in 1968.
It ended up in
the ministry of defense.
Russia's ministry of defense
had giant files on UFOs
that I tried
to access in the early '90s.
You might recall
during the early '90s.
Glasnost. Perestroika.
that country was undergoing
a lot of changes
and I thought maybe there's
a window of opportunity
to find out what the Russians
know about UFOs
and also. what the Americans
from the Russians.
And we went over there
with the help
of a Russian physicist
who had government contacts.
He put us in touch with
ministry of defense officials
and intelligence officials
and they told us about the
biggest UFO study in history.
It was ten-year long study.
The whole Russian military
was part of it.
They had collected tens
of thousands of reports.
including videos.
and I was able to get
some of that material.
-classified as it was.
and bring it back.
-Very interesting.
I wanted to zoom in on this
a little bit so we can
get a better view.
Oh. I need that to go. Ooh.
No. my zoom is not working.
So. how did you manage
to smuggle this out of Russia?
I think I'm gonna be vague
about that
-because someday I might want
to go back to Russia.
-[laughs] Nice.
Yeah. but it was
a very tense moment.
I'll just put it that way.
But they consider this
to be a genuine UFO
because of some
of the characteristics
of how it flew.
even though we don't see it
in this film clip.
But it was part
of a gigantic cache
of information
that the ministry of defense
collected over
a ten-year period.
-How long ago was this
particular footage taken?
-That's 1968.
Latvia which was sort of
part of the USSR back then.
The USSR crumbled
and the Russians took over.
but that was in their files.
So obviously there's been
video documentation
of pyramid-shaped UFOs
for over 50 years.
Why do you think people
are only talking and paying
attention about it now?
It's kind of
a combination of events.
You know. there's always
something more important
in your life.
the economy. your family.
whatever. you know. politics.
And now we've had such
an avalanche of UFO coverage
by main stream media
that it's caught the attention
of the public in a way
that I never thought
I would see in my life.
That's great. Well. right now
we're going to do
a side-by-side comparison
of your footage
and the footage from 2019.
So let's pull that up.
So what I think is really
interesting about this
is over here from Latvia.
you kind of have
a beveled edge.
It's all by itself
and it's kind of
staying perfectly still.
Over here. you've got
multiple shaped UFOs
or multiple
triangle-shaped UFOs
as well as the fact
that it's pulsing.
Yeah. this guy.
the pyramid over here
brought his buddies
along with him.
If you notice. if you watch
the footage close enough.
they're not traveling
all at once.
It's not a reflection.
those two different objects
are paced at a different pace
than the main object
that we see that's flashing.
This guy came by himself.
Would you say
just off the top of your head.
could they potentially
be related
and this is just a more
advanced version
of whatever this was?
Yeah. that's a good thought.
I mean. it was 30 years
in between. so it's possible.
40 years in between.
so it's possible that the same
kind of technology is
reflected in those film clips.
Interesting. I'd say
yours holds up.
Thank you very much. George.
Back to you. Josh.
Absolutely incredible stuff.
For the kids watching at home.
don't smuggle UFO videos
out of Russia.
It's a bold move. George.
Look. the fact he was able
to smuggle this footage out
proves this next point.
These UAPs. they are
a worldwide concern.
So far we have focused
on sightings
off the Florida
and California coast here
in the United States.
but the phenomena extends
all around the globe.
Let's take a look.
[Nick] UFOs are
a global phenomenon.
While the current spotlight
is on the United States.
there is more to this
than just those three
U.S. Navy videos.
[man] My gosh.
[man speaking other language]
[Tom] I think when it comes
to UFOs. it's a global issue.
It's a humanity issue.
What I've seen
with other countries
is pretty interesting.
Every country
for the most part
has their own UFO program.
They're much more open
with their population
on these things than we are.
But we're really
kind of waiting for us
to take the lead.
I think it would be safe
to say that most
world governments
have encountered this UAP
phenomenon without a doubt.
It appears everywhere.
[Jim] But
we can't predict
when they're going to appear.
why they're going to appear
and where they're
going to appear.
But we do know that
there are some governments.
particularly in Brazil.
Argentina. Chile. Peru.
France. the UK. Australia.
all of these countries
have information
on these sightings.
[Keith] It seems
very simple to say
"Why don't all the countries
of the world cooperate.
be friends."
and until there is a global
acknowledgment of the threat.
it seems unlikely
that there will be
significant cooperation.
Incredibly enlightening stuff.
I think it begs
the question also.
if these UAPs are being
spotted around the world.
does that bolster
the theory that
perhaps
they're extraterrestrials.
Joining us is Nick Pope.
Nick. let me ask you this.
these global sightings.
are they largely similar?
There are similarities. yes.
Um. in shape.
in sudden accelerations.
in the ability to go through
the sound barrier
with no sonic boom.
I mean.
this is a global phenomenon.
Everything I know from
my government work
tells me there are sightings
around the world.
programs usually embedded in
DODs and air forces.
and if anyone says.
as skeptics occasionally do
why aren't there any sightings
in this country
or that country.
it's usually
because the politics.
the language. the culture.
The sightings are there.
we're just not
hearing about them.
You know.
one of the most mind boggling
international sightings
that I've ever seen
is this sighting from...
from Puerto Rico.
Take a look at this.
We have this incident
where we have this object
is being tracked
and it is flying along.
Jeremy. tell us a little bit
about what's going to
happen here.
[Jeremy]
Well. what you see is like
a trans medium vehicle.
it's a vehicle that goes
from the air
through the water
without decelerating at all.
it also at one point
splits in two.
And this was
filmed by the. uh...
Homeland Security was
the original place
it was filmed from.
So. it's a pretty astounding
piece of clear footage.
[Josh] This moment where
it appears to beak in two.
though right here.
this is really astounding.
The object literally--
It's like a magic trick.
We have this one object
that suddenly becomes
two objects just in
the blink of an eye.
[Jeremy] It was highly studied
and the fact that it moves
through the water
without deceleration
that again shows that
trans medium characteristic
that UFOs are known for.
Because most objects
that are travelling
at a high speed.
that are aerial.
they hit the water.
it over right?
They slow down.
they stop.
There's a huge amount of drag
and friction.
This thing keeps going.
That's right. And that's due
most likely to
the propulsion system itself.
Any evidence this footage
could be doctored?
This footage? No.
-[Josh] Do you see any
evidence of that George?
-[George] No.
The STU. a really
reputable organization.
they did an analysis
of this over several months.
they studied
every frame of it.
they believe it
to be legitimate
and they don't
have an explanation
for how one object
splits into two.
and they're both still
flying under some
controlled circumstances.
You know. one of the things
here in the Unites States.
historically has been
that our government
has been tight lipped
about UFO activity.
I'm curious. as we talk about
these global sightings.
how is this handled
in other countries
around the world?
Most of them seem to follow
the United States model.
Our allies certainly
follow that.
I think the UK takes its
cues from the US.
That they say one thing
behind the scenes
scenes and something else
to the public.
That certainly was true
for Russia.
They told their people
for decades.
that this was
a capitalist plot.
Pay no attention
to these UFOs.
Behind the scenes they were
studying it.
-for very practical reasons...
-[Josh] Right.
...trying to figure out
how to make their own.
One of the things I saw.
I went to Chile
a few years ago.
and they had a program there
that was actually quite
open to the public.
They were encouraging
people to come forward.
encouraging pilots
to come forward.
I think whether you're
a believer or skeptic.
just for the sake
of national security
or the sake of anybody
who gets in an airplane.
surely there's
got to be real value
to encouraging people
to report these things.
Here's the thing.
we're in a race for this
technology.
United States wants it.
UK wants it.
Russia wants it.
China wants it.
And the first nation to figure
this stuff out wins.
All right. well.
thank you everybody.
very informative.
Coming up.
our panel of experts
will be breaking down
more key videos
as we debate whether
these UAPs are
adversaries. extraterrestrials
or something else entirely.
And later in the show.
we are going to learn about
arguably the most
groundbreaking
cosmic discovery
of the century.
Plus we'll hear more from
the producer and creator
of The X-Files.
Use the #UFOsDeclassifiedLIVE
on Twitter
and submit your questions
for our panelists now.
[Josh] Welcome back to
UFOs Declassified Live.
Looking at our twitter poll.
a whopping 89.4% of you
believe that there is
life outside our solar system.
We're winning over hearts
and minds tonight.
Uh. welcome back to the show.
I'm Josh Gates.
We are getting closer
to the final verdict
on the Pentagon's
groundbreaking report.
Bow this next piece of footage
checks a lot of boxes.
In 2015.
on the USS Theodore Roosevelt.
the navy captured what's
come to be known as
"Go fast" video.
off the coast of Florida.
Check this out.[
[indistinct radio chatter]
[man] Whoa! Got him.
[laughing]
-Whoo-hoo.
-[man 2] Roger...
Are you [bleep] see in this?
What is that?
Can you track?
It's a moving target.
[man 2]
No. I took an autotrack.
[man 2] Oh. okay.
Oh. my gosh. dude. Wow.
-[man 2] What is that?
-Look at it fly!
[laughing]
All right. Well. joining us
on the panel now
is former director of the CIA
office of technical service.
Please welcome. Bob Wallace.
How are you. sir?
It's an honor
to be here. Josh.
Well. it's an honor
to have you here.
Uh. you know.
let's start with this.
What... what is the likelihood
that a foreign adversary
would be developing
technology like this without
the US knowing it.
Josh. if we were
doing our job.
we would know it. Right?
That's...
That's the whole
purpose of intelligence.
It's. uh. find out what
the adversary is doing.
find it out soon
and get it to people
who can make the decision.
Now. with respect to
UAPs specifically.
if I could use
this illustration...
Uh. this piece of paper
represents all possible
information about UAPs.
Okay. This dot represents
what we know.
So. I caution us against being
too arrogant.
Wow. amazing.
We really blew our budget on
that visual aid there too.
But I take your point.
We don't know much
at this point.
There's a lot we don't know.
Uh. so. okay. we've got
eyewitness testimony.
We've got video.
We've got radar.
We've got movement.
We've got propulsion
in this last video.
I mean. this one seems to
check all the boxes.
I turn now to Tracy.
our resident
fighter pilot here.
What do you make of
the "Go fast" video?
What jumps out at you?
I think the video
is incredible.
As fighter pilots we think
that we're fast.
but this object looks like
it is going super-fast.
So. that's what I wanna
talk about here.
Compare it for me
to a fighter jet.
you know. how difficult is it
to even track
an object like this?
Well. you can see
it looks like they're
working pretty hard
to get a lock.
And at first glance we might
think that it's many objects
going across
that particular screen.
But when I look closer.
it looks like they're
trying to grab it
and then it breaks lock.
and then
the radar slews black.
and they try again.
breaks lock and slews back.
And then eventually.
it's able to bind
around the object and you can
hear the Wizzo saying that
he went to auto...
auto track mode
to auto slew onto it.
Right. And I love
asking you this question.
Have you ever seen
anything like this?
I have never seen
anything like this.
I love hearing that. you know.
because you know.
you are the one
up there that should be
able to identify this stuff.
And it's so mind bending when
we hear that we don't
know what this is.
George. how important
was this video.
to the compiling of
the Pentagon report?
Well. it's another brick
in the wall.
You'll recall the "Tic Tac"
was the first one
that was officially released.
and that the New York times
reported on.
then Gimbal.
then Go fast.
And uh. taken altogether.
it certainly paints a picture
that someone out there
has got some technology
far beyond what we've got.
All right. I want to
understand this video
a little bit more.
So. let's check in
with Jessica and Dr. O
to bring us up to speed
on propulsion and movement.
Jess.
Thanks. Josh. Dr. O.
we're throwing around
a lot of words
that aren't everyday terms.
So. let's start with g-force.
for example. traditional known
vehicles versus the UAPs
that we've been seeing.
a la the "Tic Tac."
What is g-force. exactly?
So. when a body...
If you're in a vehicle.
-and it changes direction...
-Yeah.
If it speeds up
or slows down.
you will feel what is
like a force.
And that is due to a change in
your state of motion.
and we call that acceleration.
So. we look at a race car.
it has a top speed of
246-miles-per-hour.
But if the car is going at
a constant speed.
it's not accelerating.
So. it doesn't matter
how fast you're going.
you don't feel forces.
But if it accelerates.
-and this accelerates 6gs.
you feel the force.
-I see.
So. a g is
a gravity equivalent.
So a person in this vehicle
will feel six times
their own weight
pressing on them.
If you're in a F-117.
it's top speed is
684 miles per hour.
But it's top acceleration
is 9gs.
that means the pilot
will feel nine times
their own body weight.
And you can only
survive that a short time.
Really? So. zero to nine.
that's what's gonna hit you.
-That's what
you're gonna feel.
-Oh. yeah.
When you're in a car
that goes really fast
you get pushed back
in your seat...
-Yeah.
-That's a g-force.
That's an acceleration
creating a force
on your body.
Now we talk about an F-16.
-Mmm-hmm
-Look at that top speed.
1.500-miles-per-hour.
Much faster than the F-17
but the same
maximum acceleration.
-Okay.
-Right?
So inside your body...
your body is designed to
be upright in gravity.
So. that determines
where blood goes.
And so.
if you accelerate too fast
it's going to go
where it's not supposed to.
So. then. how many gs
can the human body
withstand before it can't
withstand it anymore?
It depends.
It's a matter of the g-force
and the amount of time you
experience that g-force.
Mmm-hmm.
So... And it also depends
on your training.
So. a fighter pilot.
for example.
may hit 9 gs over the course
of their career
over and over
and over again.
But. you know. regular people
like you and me.
who are untrained...
Well. I could survive it
but the average
person couldn't.
Well. I almost passed out
on The Mummy ride at...
-You know. it's fine.
I wouldn't make it.
-Might've been fear.
It... it was
definitely that too.
So how does this all compare
with the Tic Tac?
Now. what we have...
If we take these videos
at face value.
and say
this is a vehicle.
that's changing speed
this rapidly.
that gives us data.
'Cause look at those g-forces.
-Yeah.
-Five thousand.
No living creature.
that we know
that's macroscopic like
ourselves could survive that.
So. that would say that
if we take it at face value.
is there a being inside there.
and if there is.
what is the trick that
-allows them to survive.
-Yeah.
Or maybe it's their drone.
or maybe it's a droid.
-a robot. who know.
-Exactly.
-Interesting. Excellent.
-Thank you.
-So much fun to talk
with you Dr. O.
-Yes.
Josh.
Well. thanks very much.
Jessica and Dr. O.
let's see what our followers
on Twitter have to say
at this point.
Uh. HOOV says.
the public deserves to
know the truth.
UFOsDeclassifiedLIVE.
I agree. That's what
we're doing here.
Talking about this report.
And important to know there is
actually a classified version
of this report
and I agree with you.
The public does deserve
to know what's in it.
Uh. Jenner2112 writes.
"The fact that so many UFOs
are witnessed around military.
maybe they're trying to
get them to stop
doing something."
Interesting idea.
That maybe they're
not here to hurt us.
they're here to protect us.
Kind of
a Day The Earth Stood Still
point of view.
And then Random Bits says.
"UFOsdeclassifiedlive.
Josh is wearing a suit?
Is he the alien?"
-That's. that's right.
You found me out. It's me.
-[crew laugh]
Listen. I wish I could wear
this suit all the time.
uh. but you try crawling
through an Egyptian tomb
wearing this.
It's not pretty.
Uh. anyway. be sure to
rocket your tweets our way
using the hashtag
ufosdeclassifiedlive.
Coming up we have got more
authenticated UAP video
and I will be speaking.
this is a big one.
with the head of NASA.
Bill Nelson.
Then we'll look at
the discovery
that may answer the question.
is there life outside
our solar system?
When UFOs Declassified:
Live continues.
Welcome back to
UFOs Declassified: Live.
I'm Josh Gates. I just
found out we are
the number three
trending topic on Twitter.
Please keep those
tweets coming.
If we get to number one.
they're gonna let me
keep the suit.
Uh. before the break we're
discussing the mind altering
go fast UFO footage
taken aboard
a navy jet fighter from
the USS Theodore Roosevelt
off the Florida coast in 2015.
Now. this next UAP
was caught on camera
in the same year from
near the same location.
Check out the motion
of this craft.
This is the Gimbal UFO.
[pilot 1] It is
a [bleep] drone. bro.
[pilot 2]
There's a whole fleet of them.
Look on the ASA.
[pilot 1] My gosh!
They're all going
against the wind.
The wind's 120 knots
out of the west.
Look at that thing. dude.
That's not an [inaudible]
though. is it?
[pilot 2]
That's not one of ours.
is it?
[pilot 1] Well. if there's a--
[pilot 2] Look at that thing!
It's rotating.
Well. joining Jeremy. George
and Bob on the panel is
-our resident astrophysicist.
Dr. O. Good to see you.
-Thank you. sir.
-Bringing some science
to the desk.
-That's right.
Okay. let's talk about this.
What's your first thought
upon seeing this Gimbal video?
Well. I'm trained
as a physicist.
So when I see any data.
my first thought is.
"I don't believe it."
-[Josh laughs] Skeptical.
-Right. I don't take it
at face value.
We have to take the data
and validate it
and then make scientific
measurements that are
actually rigorous.
So I don't have this data
in my possession
and so I can't really say
anything about it
'cause I haven't taken it
through that process.
Do you think we can explain
just looking at it. how this
craft moves and rotates?
You know. it's difficult
to do to disentangle
because you have many
moving things at one time.
You have the moving object.
You have the moving plane
or whatever platform is
taking the data.
And quite often
if you're locking on
that means that you have
something else moving separate
from the actual vehicle
that it's mounted on.
So. you have to
disentangle all this stuff
and it's complicated.
But if you take it
at face value
as I said before.
you see some
interesting aerodynamics.
Absolutely. Now. Jeremy.
on the clip we hear
a voice say.
"There's a whole fleet
of them."
Now is that just
eyewitness saying that?
Do we have data
to back that up?
Yeah. absolutely. But a lot
of it is gonna be classified
and not gonna come up.
But I can tell you
with 100% certainty.
and some people have
been exposed to it.
There was a fleet
in front of this.
And. by the way. this object--
Listen to the pilots.
They have got some of
our best sensors.
It's moving against the wind.
It's rotating. You can
hear what they say.
But there were
other objects that
were with the Gimbal
and the Gimbal has
unique propulsion
as it goes forward. changes
and starts to reverse
direction in the end.
Bob. any chance what we're
looking at here could be fake.
do you think?
Absolutely. there's a chance.
I think it's a small chance.
Now. this comes from credible
sources. credible sensors.
So. the video itself. I think.
authentic. absolutely.
Now what it means
is a different question.
I'd like to say
I've seen the rabbit come out
of the hat many times.
And is the rabbit in the hat?
It depends where you're
sitting in the audience
to know whether the rabbit's
in the hat or not.
George. how important was
this Gimbal footage
-to the Pentagon report?
-Oh. it was hugely important.
I mean. you know.
like Dr. O said
we don't have
a lot of the data.
We don't have the object
itself to examine.
There is signals data
and sensor data that
as Jeremey said we're probably
never gonna get to see.
But what we don't
see in that is wings
or rotors or any kind of
known propulsion system.
We don't see any chemical
kind of a trail coming out
of the back of it.
How does that thing stay up?
How does it fly?
All right.
Also I think. for me.
just the enthusiasm that you
hear in the pilots' voices.
I mean. they are just agog
looking at this thing.
To me that is really
compelling here as well.
You've just got-- You know.
these guys are freaking out.
This is something they
had not seen before.
They were starting to see
UFOs on a daily basis
on the east coast.
Cubes. Cubes with spheres
around them.
Things are completely
non-aerodynamic.
This is one representation of
many sightings and encounters.
All right. So speaking of
pilots like we hear in
this video.
let's check in with Jessica
and our resident fighter pilot
Tracy LaTourrette for
a closer look at
the Gimbal UFO. Jessica?
Thank you. Josh.
Tracy. on the Gimbal footage
there is so much going on with
the numbers and the initials
that it's hard to know
what to actually focus on.
So. what are the most
important elements
of this video?
Well. there's...
We could talk all day on
-what we're looking at here.
-Mmm-hmm.
But if you look at
the image itself.
the fact that we're able to
actually lock onto something
tells me that it's not just
a light phenomenon
or something.
So. obviously there is
something very
interesting there
and obviously it's hot because
we're in black hot mode.
Uh. if you look at
the aspect of the object
it could suggest a tail
aspect of an aircraft.
Although. you know.
that's debatable as well
because it might be shaped
a little bit differently
looking at the back.
Okay. so as if it was
traveling away from us.
-Mmm-hmm.
-Understood.
Right. and then. finally.
you hear them talking
about the fact that
-it appears to
actually rotate.
-Mmm-hmm.
That suggests
not only awareness
but gives some indication
of potential intent
because it looks like
it's just observing
and luckily not showing us
any kind of hostile intent.
-So. that's a good thing.
-That's scary.
Well. you always have to
think about that.
-Is this thing
trying to kill me?
-Yeah. Well. yeah.
-[Tracy chuckles]
-Yeah. Okay.
Uh. awesome. [laughs]
That was a good talk.
Awesome. Tracy.
Back to you. Josh.
All right. well. thank you.
Jessica and Tracy.
When we come back.
I'll be speaking with
former astronaut.
senators and NASA
administrator. Bill Nelson.
We'll also learn
what 'Oumuamua means.
I'm glad I can pronounce it.
And later. we've got
rare UAP footage
from the deck of the USS Omaha
that may help our panel of
experts reach their verdict.
Adversary. alien or neither?
During the break be sure to
hit us up on Twitter
using the hashtag
ufosdeclassifiedlive.
We are continuing to pour
over the Pentagon report
on unidentified
aerial phenomena.
As the report indicates.
there is not one
blanket explanation
for all of them.
And that's why you
are watching
UFOs Declassified: Live.
I'm Josh Gates.
At this time we are
honored to be joined by
the current head of NASA.
He has flown in space
and previously served
Florida in the senate.
Bill Nelson.
Good to see you. sir.
Hey.
It's great to see you
and I'm always ready to talk
about space.
Well. that's good. I'm glad.
We have a lot to talk about
with the release of
this report.
Uh. obviously you've read it.
What do you think is the most
eye-opening aspect of this?
Well. I was briefed on this
a couple years ago
in the senate
-armed services committee.
-Mmm-hmm.
And I had a chance to talk
to the navy pilots.
You've seen the video now
a number of times on TV.
They know that
they saw something.
They tracked it.
They chased it.
And then all of a sudden it
would move from one location
to another in a split second.
Uh. now we know from
the unclassified report
that there have been over
140 of these sightings
around the globe.
And so from
the pilot's standpoint
they know they saw
something real.
-Right.
-Now we need to
find out what It is.
So. that's why I've asked
the NASA scientists.
look at it from
a scientific point of view
and let's see if you
come up with any answers.
And I think
that's a good point.
There's an enormous amount of
credibility here in terms of
these pilots. In terms of
the people that witnessed
whatever these objects were.
If you take the report
at face value.
what do you think it says
about national security?
Well. we don't know.
Uh. we don't know
if it's something
out of this world
or if it is. uh.
a person that could--
An entity
that could be a potential
adversary here on Earth.
-Right.
-Now. our government is saying
this is not any technology
that we are testing.
uh. therefore we ought
to be concerned.
That's why we need to get
to the bottom of this.
Right. Now a lot of people are
speculating that these UAPs
could be extraterrestrial.
You yourself have
flown into space.
You were a payload specialist
during the shuttle program.
Do you personally believe that
there is extraterrestrial life
out there?
Well. let's separate
the question.
Do I believe that
these objects are ETs?
Uh. the answer is
I don't know.
-That's why we're
asking the questions.
-Right.
Your second question is
do I think that there's life
out there in the universe?
This is a universe that is
13.5 billion years old.
Uh. it is so vast
we cannot even imagine...
Our minds cannot
grasp the size of it.
Do I think that there's
another solar system
in another galaxy
with another sun with planets
revolving around it
that might have a planet
with a habitable atmosphere?
Of course. I do.
Do you think that
this particular report.
which was generated
by the Pentagon.
do you think that it should
be shifted to NASA?
Should NASA have
a permanent responsibility to.
you think. look into these
sightings and to continue
pursuing this question?
No. The Pentagon needs to
continue its defense function.
NASA needs to continue
its scientific function.
And that's exactly
what we're doing.
Terrific. Well. I can't wait
to see what the Webb Telescope
and what NASA
has in store next.
Thank you so much for
your time with us today.
I really appreciate it. sir.
-Have a great day.
-All the best.
Well. so far tonight we have
focused on unidentified
aerial phenomena.
Right now. though.
we're going to shift
our gaze to an identified
interstellar object that may
be an indicator of life
in other solar systems.
This startling discovery
was spotted
by Canadian astronomer
Robert Weryk
from the Haleakala Observatory
on Maui.
And since the object
is the first of its type.
it was named after
the Hawaiian word for scout.
This is 'Oumuamua.
Some of us have actually
been predicting that
interstellar objects
would come into
our solar system.
We've kind of been waiting to
see something like this.
[Robert Weryk]
The year was 2017.
I was reviewing detections
from the Pan-STARRS1 telescope
and I found what's now
known as 'Oumuamua.
This comet is very different
than all the comets that
we see on our solar system.
[Sarah Barker]
We really expected if we were
to see an interstellar object
that it would look
like a comet.
'Oumuamua is at least five.
maybe even ten times
longer than it is wide.
After 'Oumuamua was
no longer visible from
ground based telescopes.
we got very accurate
positional information
from Hubble.
And that allowed us
to discover this
non-gravitational deviation.
'Oumuamua came in
at this crazy angle
and it was moving so fast.
Fifty-five miles per second.
[Robert] 'Oumuamua is some
kind of comet or asteroid.
No one can tell for sure
what 'Oumuamua was.
[Nick Pope]
This could be a probe.
A civilization with millions
and millions of years
head start on us
could have built hundreds
of these probes
and just let them loose
throughout the galaxy.
And every now and then
one would drift through
a solar system.
And if they spotted an active
transmitting civilization.
then the ship activates.
Something wakes up.
Maybe a message is beamed back
to the aliens' home world.
It says we've discovered
another emerging civilization.
Once that message is received.
then they're going to
come in force.
Hopefully in peace.
but maybe not.
[Sarah] There are plans to
launch a mission into space.
have it just in a stable
orbit just waiting
for the next
interstellar object.
And once they spot it. they'll
just be ready to get there.
[Nick] 'Oumuamua.
it's a little disconcerting
that it got as close
as it did without anyone
seeing it coming.
What if we were facing
hostile extraterrestrials?
Or what if this
had just been a rock
but headed directly
for planet Earth?
I mean. 'Oumuamua should be
a wakeup call.
We missed the last one.
Let's not miss the next one.
All right. guys.
I'm here With Dr. O.
So. Dr. O. in your opinion
why is 'Oumuamua such
an important discovery?
Well. there are certain things
that we figure out in science
but we can't accept as true
until we actually observe it.
For example. we figured out
early in the 20th century
that planet formation
is a side effect of
star formation.
But it wasn't until the '90s
that we first saw a planet
outside of our solar system.
Such that we can say.
"Yes. there they are."
So. we have a good
understanding now
of how a solar system
is formed.
And what happens is it's
a very chaotic situation.
So where we have four
terrestrial planets today.
there were dozens
of proto planets.
And as they interacted
and collided.
some objects were
thrown into the Sun.
some objects were incorporated
in the planetary bodies
And some were sent flying
out of our solar system.
How... How?
Like. how do they get--
How are they circling around
and all of a sudden one
decides to just take off?
Yeah. so it has to do with
gravitational interaction.
So. close calls will
change a trajectory.
And if it swings around
the Sun or. say. Jupiter.
right?
And under the right
circumstances it can gain
enough momentum
to just slingshot right out
of the solar system.
So. we expect that objects
from our solar system
are flying throughout
the galaxy
and objects from other
solar systems are also
flying throughout the galaxy
and on occasion they may
enter our solar system.
-And that's what
'Oumuamua represents.
-Okay.
Okay. the 'Oumuamua
was actually discovered
using the telescope
that's shown behind us.
That's right.
So. we found 'Oumuamua with
the telescope on Haleakala
-in the Hawaiian island.
-Very well done.
-Yes. Yes. I've been there.
It's a cool spot.
-Yeah.
Yeah. and so. the thing
about an object like this
is similar to an asteroid.
So when we look at
interstellar or
interplanetary interlopers.
-they come in two main types.
-Mmm-hmm.
Stuff that was once a part
of a planetary body.
so it will be made up of
metal or stone or rocky.
And stuff that never was.
So that's like comets
or what we call carbonaceous
chondrite. um. asteroids.
And so 'Oumuamua appeared
to be a rocky body.
Most of the astronomers
thought that perhaps
it would be an icy body
but there was
no evidence of that.
But you can... You see it has
a shape here. It's long
and thin.
-Mmm-hmm.
-So what we do.
we observe these things.
Now remember.
the way physics works.
if this object comes into
our solar system from
a long distance.
it's like it fell toward
the Sun from
an interstellar distance.
-Yeah.
-So it's moving so fast
that you can only get
so much data.
And one of the important
pieces of data we call
a light curve.
Let's just look at
its brightness over time.
So if you imagine
a bowling ball. a bowling pin
flying through space
and tumbling. right?
When you're seeing
the long side.
it looks bright.
When you're seeing
the short end. it looks dim.
So. you can reconstruct
the shape of objects
based on how
they reflect light.
And also. based on
the colors that they reflect.
you can figure out what it's
made of to some degree.
You're so smart. oh. my gosh.
-Okay. Um...
-[laughs]
What other discoveries
point to the possibility
of life on other planets?
Well. so. here is the big
-controversial analysis
that was done.
-Uh-huh.
So. as different astronomers
try to figure out
what is this made of.
an astronomer from Harvard.
uh. and his collaborators
performed a study
where they claimed that
it was way thinner
than what most of us
read from the data.
And so. the conclusion was.
"Oh. it looks something
like a sail."
Now. what would that be?
And so. this astronomer
just speculated
that perhaps it is
a light sail from some
alien civilization.
Now. most astronomers do not
accept that interpretation.
I mean. that is a--
That is a...
-That is a leap.
-That is a leap. Okay.
-It is a giant leap. yes. yes.
But continuing with
what your comment was.
so most don't accept
necessarily that.
That's right. So. you know.
there are some phrase
that like.
you know. great claims
require great evidence
or something like that.
The evidence just isn't there.
'Oumuamua remains a mystery.
Interesting. Okay. so what is
about 'Oumuamua's trajectory
that made people
raise their eyebrows?
Oh. that is everything.
So you look. for example.
at the planets.
there are these nice
elliptical orbits that are
almost circular.
but 'Oumuamua did
something different.
It traced out a geometric
figure that we called
a hyperbola.
And that is like
an unbound orbit.
And that told us it is not
from our solar system
necessarily.
Right? But the other thing
that was really interesting
-is the laws of physics work
really. really well.
-Mmm-hmm.
So. we can predict
the trajectories. right?
And so. if it was a rock.
this is the expected
trajectory.
But it did
something different.
-Yeah. It shocked you guys.
-Now that's not unusual.
-Yeah.
-It shocked us. right?
It's not as weird
as it may sound.
'Cause two things will change
the motion of an object.
One is. sunlight actually
applies a pressure
and air what's called
the solar winds.
So that could change
the trajectory.
And also when objects
get near the Sun.
if they have any ices.
those ices would do
what we call outgassing.
And that creates
a force on the body
and changes its trajectory
from a purely ballistic
trajectory.
Awesome. All right.
Well. speaking of outgassing.
back to you. Josh.
-Oh. unbelievable. Jess.
-[Jessica laughs]
Jess. I could have you back
in the jungles tomorrow.
[Jessica] Oh. no! I'm sorry.
When we come back.
our panel of experts
rate their top UAP sightings.
Which footage checks
all of the boxes for them?
And later. we'll hear from
some Hollywood heavy hitters
about whether they
believe in extraterrestrials.
When UFOs Declassified:
Live returns.
Welcome back to
UFOs Declassified: Live.
I'm Josh Gates.
and I am thrilled to be joined
by our panel of experts.
Jeremy Corbell.
George Knapp and Nick Pope.
And we are all here
because of this.
We are discussing
the Pentagon report
that just dropped
five days ago.
And one of the really
interesting take aways
for me in this report are
these different buckets
they use
to categorize
the UAPs or UFOs.
So those categories
are airborne clutter.
natural atmospheric phenomena.
stuff that's just naturally
occurring.
uh. USG
or U.S. government. uh.
foreign adversary systems
and other.
So let's talk about other
or natural occurrences.
Jeremy. have you ever looked
at a video or seen a UAP
and then later realized you'd
misidentified something.
Well. all the time people
misidentify things.
And the whole point is
something is unidentified
until it's identified.
Don't jump to conclusions.
Right. George. where do you
think that your Pyramid
UFO video
would fall in these buckets?
They would fall into
the place where I get my mail.
-into other.
That's where I live.
-[Josh laughs]
I mean.
do they look aerodynamic
to you if you're gonna
build something?
Some kind of a drone.
an earthly drone.
Would you make it
Pyramid shaped? I wouldn't.
[Josh] Exactly. Now. Nick.
looking at these different
categories
which is more.
you know. concerning?
-Foreign adversary
systems or other?
-Other.
It's a little word but it's
a scary word in this context.
You can pick up the phone
and talk to your adversary
through diplomacy.
We can't talk to
these people if...
Who are whatever they are.
We don't know.
Personally. I would go
with airborne clutter.
but I'm afraid of birds.
Uh. okay. listen. based on
these incredible videos
that we saw tonight.
let's talk about your top
UAP sightings and why.
Let's just go rapid fire
down the line here.
What about for you. Jeremy?
My favorite is 1989 Bob Lazar
right here in Las Vegas.
Nevada.
But after what
we've seen tonight.
it's the cases that
I've worked on.
So the USS Omaha and all
the corroborative sensor data
and information
and visual evidence
that George and I have been
able to provide to the public
makes it one of the most
robust cases we've ever had
with UFOs.
Right. 'Cause it's not just
one piece of footage.
You've got night vision.
you've got radar.
you've got FLIR. it's kind of
the whole package.
And you have now footage
from the deck of the Omaha.
Exactly. okay. So.
George. what about you?
For me it's the Tic Tac.
I think it's the most
important UFO in history.
Because of what it is meant
to where we are now.
I mean. the credibility
of those witnesses.
the pilots.
Dave Fravor and others.
they've gone before congress
with the help of two former
intelligence officials
Luis Elizondo
and Chris Mellon.
Who gave up government
service to push this ball
down the field.
That video is
what sold that story.
It got The New York Times
to cover it.
60 Minutes to cover it.
and it was the reason that
we have a UAP task force.
Certainly changed the game.
Absolutely. And. Nick Pope.
what about you?
I'm gearing for Gimbal.
When these normally
unflappable pilots
get excited.
I get excited. too.
But look. there are a lot of
UFO videos on the Internet.
But what makes these really
stand out. and Gimbal's
part of this.
is that the Department of
Defense have put it on
their own website
and issued a press release
to say it's genuine.
So. we've got
the provenance of it.
I'm with you. The Gimbal video
for me is really the most...
the most intriguing
just because of how
these unflappable pilots.
these guys that normally have
this right stuff attitude.
they are just freaking out
for lack of a better term
about they're encountering
up there.
There's something about that
that just makes it
so compelling.
All right. so let's check
in with Jessica
and our ever expanding
Twitter feed.
Thank you. Josh.
Here's what's happening
over on social.
Bring it up. All right.
Joseph writes. [reading].
Jeremy. you want
to take that one?
Yeah. I think we can handle.
We know we can handle.
We have a right to know.
a need to know
and I feel a duty to find out
the truth about UFOs.
All right. thanks. Jeremy
and thanks. Joseph.
Keep sending your clips
and comments in using
the #UFOsDeclassifedLIVE.
All right. Well. next up.
we're going to dig deep
into our controversial history
with UFOs.
Plus. we have
that gripping footage
from the deck of the USS Omaha
when UFOs Declassified:
LIVE returns.
You're watching
UFOs Declassified: LIVE.
I'm Josh Gates.
As the pentagon
report indicates.
the public in general
has been hesitant to disclose
UAP sightings
because of the stigma
associated with
UFO eye witnesses.
But research shows
that these UAP sightings
have been going on
for years and years.
Take a look.
[Nick Pope] People think that
with these US navy sightings.
some people think this is new.
it's not new.
It's been going on
since the dawn of time.
Myths. legends.these things.
whatever they are.
have been seen
throughout history.
[Jim Semivan] After
World War II.
the world was very different.
and we had exploded
a nuclear bomb over
Nagasaki and Hiroshima.
That changed everything.
Now. people start seeing
unidentified flying objects
and they're coming
over military bases
and we don't know
what to do about it.
[Nick] One of the central
pieces to the UFO back story
is Roswell.
Something crashed
in the New Mexico Desert.
From that moment on.
two things happened.
Firstly the U.S. government
knew that we're not alone.
and secondly.
a vast conspiracy emerged
to cover this truth up.
Believers say
alien spacecraft.
Skeptics say weather balloon.
Whatever happened at Roswell.
it's now so embedded
in people's awareness
as part of pop culture
and continues to fire people's
interest and imagination.
And maybe what happened
at Roswell was the start
of all this.
at least the start
in the modern era.
[Keith Melton] In 1953.
the CIA created
the Robertson panel.
It said that there was
no direct threat from UFOs.
But most important.
they said the real danger
wasn't from UFOs.
but it was from thousands
of UFO sightings
would overwhelm
our reporting capabilities
and mask a soviet air attack.
And as a result. they made
a concerted effort to debunk
and demystify UFOs
and any people associated
with it.
If people watch closely.
they'll notice we tend to use
the phrase UAP and not UFO.
It's just a way of getting rid
of the stigma
that comes with the term UFO.
and it's just a way.
this is really important.
to get the senior
stakeholder engagement
from within government.
the military and
the intelligence community.
Well. joining Nick Pope
on our panel.
our former CIA officer.
Jim Semivan
and intelligence historian.
Keith Melton.
-Welcome to both of you.
-[both] Thank you.
Okay. so. you know.
when we talk about the history
of UFO sightings.
they may well go back
into pre-history.
But I think most Americans
think of Roswell as
the beginning of it all.
Why?
Well. actually the first major
UFO incident took place
one month earlier.
-Before Roswell?
-Before.
When a private pilot
flying near
Mount Raniere. Washington.
observed nine flying discs
in formation traveling
at speeds between
Mach 2 and Mach 3.
The next day.
it made nationwide headlines.
And one newspaper coined
the term "flying saucers."
-That's where it all started.
-It started there.
At least
in our popular culture.
Why do you think Roswell gets
the glory as it were?
It has become popularized
certainly after 1970.
But from 1947 to 1970. very
little was written about it.
Let's talk about area 51
and how that fits
into the Roswell story.
There is no direct connection
between Roswell in 1947
and area 51 in 1955.
It didn't even
begin construction
until August of 1955.
And yet. they're always
thought of in the same breath.
In the context
that if there were technology.
foreign adversarial technology
that would likely have been
the place.
But actually at the time.
it would have probably gone
to Patterson air force base.
It would have been
a much more likely scenario
in that theory.
One of the things I found.
Jim. interesting
in the package
is you mentioned that
the bombings in World War II
of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
really coincide
with the beginnings
of a lot of these UFO reports.
Do you think there is
an actual connection
between these events?
Yeah. I think so. In 1945.
a squadron of Hellcat Fighters
were trying to intercept a UFO
that was hovering
over a han ford plutonium
production facility
in Washington state.
Now. they did this over
three nights.
They went after these UFOs
over three nights.
and obviously
didn't catch them.
But this occurred seven months
before the bombs went off.
before the atomic bombs
went off in Hiroshima
and Nagasaki.
And what this indicates
to me is
that these UAPs
were interested
in our nuclear technology
at the very beginning
of the nuclear age.
One of the things I read
that sounded either outlandish
or terrifying or both.
I don't know. is that some
former air force personnel
testified not just
that UAPs exist.
but that they have
the capability
to neutralize nuclear weapons.
Is there any evidence
of that really?
Yes. And allegedly.
But there are a few instances
where UAPs were seen
over ICBM sites
and that they were
allegedly interfering
with their launch activity.
Now this happened
in Russia too.
it happened numerous times
in Russia actually. so we have
seen this before.
Nick. one of the things
that is curious here is
we have talked in this country
about UFOs.
certainly in popular culture
for a long time.
But look at what we have now.
We've got this official
pentagon report.
Do you think the release
of this report changes
the perception in the culture
around UFOs?
Completely. I think it was
regarded as fringe.
It's now main stream.
People thought about it
in terms
of science fiction
and conspiracy theory.
They're now framing it
correctly as defense
and national security issue.
So it's completely
changed the narrative. yes.
Do you think that when people
read in this report
that 143 out of 144
of these sightings
are unexplained.
that they should be worried?
Yeah. I think it's like
if you can't explain
that many of them.
well. go back and take
another look. Could do better.
Yeah. so you think people
should be nervous by this
to some extent?
They should. If there's
anything in our skies.
particularly with
these technologies.
then absolutely.
we must be concerned.
And Congress is concerned.
Hence the interest.
continuing interest.
-This report is just
the beginning.
-All right.
Thank you very much.
We're gonna take a break here.
When we return. we have got
that must-see footage from
the deck of the USS Omaha
and it is almost time
to bang the gavel
and find out
what the verdict is
from our experts. adversaries.
aliens. neither.
And don't forget to share
your thoughts on UAPs
on Twitter
using the
#UFOsDeclassifiedLIVE.
We'll be right back.
[Josh] Looking at our poll.
when asked.
"What's inside area 51?"
Looks like a pretty tight race
between an ET spaceship
and military equipment.
Welcome back
to UFOs Declassified: LIVE.
I'm Josh Gates along
with UAP/UFO experts.
Jeremy Corbell.
Jim Semivan and Nick Pope.
Now. as promised. we have
brand-new footage
from the swarming event
above the USS Omaha.
Get ready for this.
We've already seen incredible
radar and flir imagery.
Now. we have a brand-new angle
on this same historic event.
Take a look.
All right. Jeremy.
let's talk about this.
What are we seeing
in this footage?
[Jeremy] Right.
so you're seeing
corroborative video evidence.
All the other videos
that George Knapp
and I have put out.
they've been confirmed
by the pentagon as being
true unidentified UFOs.
Part of a study.
what you're seeing here
is video footage
from the USS Omaha.
You see the lights.
they're lit up.
That's really important.
It's the first time
you're seeing footage of this.
[Josh] And so. how long
did this event go on for?
[Jeremy] This is actually
over a number of days
where it came to a highlight
on the 15th of July. 2019.
[Josh] So. we see
these lights.
We can see some blinking here.
I know we have
this flair and radar also.
but now we do know
this isn't an aircraft?
How do we know we're not
seeing a helicopter hovering?
Right. so this is well studied
by our United States military.
It's part of the UAPTF
task force. like.
investigation into this.
This is a confirmed
UFO sighting.
They don't know where
they landed. They don't know
where they took off from.
This is a true UFO case
with great data.
There were 14 of these things
at one point
around the USS Omaha.
completely surrounding it.
They pop on and off radar
over a period
of several hours.
That one was recorded
on the thermal images
that travel along
with the ship for an hour.
Earlier I asked you
what your favorite video
from tonight is.
anybody want to change
their answers?
I mean. how much
of a game changer
do you think this video is?
Altogether. this video
is so important
because again. it supports
an entire event series
as one of the most
well-documented UFO cases
of all time now.
And so. you know. taking
all that evidence together.
it does seem
really compelling. doesn't it?
-It is absolutely compelling.
-So. okay.
You know. George.
you've been at the forefront
of this field for years.
what's your reaction
to this video?
Well. it's important because
you have three different forms
of evidence to document it.
And I presume there are
other cases like that.
that they
are censored information
that the pentagon has
that is too sensitive
to release to us.
to the public.
It is classified
for a good reason.
As it was told to me
by an intelligence official.
you can't tell your friends
without telling your enemies.
So. there are good reasons for
keeping some of this secret.
But this clearly is
a pretty solid case.
Nick. how seriously should
this incident be taken?
Very seriously.
Something is toying with us.
It's like playing cat
and mouse with us.
And I know some of us
with governmental backgrounds
get accused of pushing
the threat narrative here.
But come on. you've got to say
when these sorts of things
get close
to our U.S. military assets.
whether they're aircraft
carrier. destroyers.
maybe jets. whatever they are.
that has got to be seen
as a potential threat.
Okay. We're going
to take a break here.
but you're not going to want
to miss what's coming up.
Our panelists
will be delivering
their final verdict.
adversary. extraterrestrial
or neither.
Please keep launching
your tweets our way
with #UFOsDeclassifiedLIVE.
More to come after this.
We are back with more
UFOs Declassified: LIVE.
I'm Josh Gates. For most
of us. our only exposure
to the idea
of extraterrestrial life
has come from television
and movies from
The Twilight Zone
to Independence Day.
So. how does Hollywood compare
to the real deal?
Hollywood has always been
a teller of sci-fi stories.
I think for entertaining
the audience about UFOs
and I think UFO movies
play into our great ignorance
of the world around us.
[Barry] One of the things
that's always been out there.
did we create interest in UFOs
or the fact that people
were interested
in those things.
did we take advantage
and create what our vision
of what those images
would look like?
[Nick] There is an interesting
conspiracy theory
that some Hollywood movies
are actually part
of a government campaign
to acclimatize people
to an
extraterrestrial reality.
Hollywood has had
a huge impact in terms
of how we conceptualize
extraterrestrial life forms
intermingling with life
on earth.
I have met people that I truly
believe could be aliens.
When we would scout
Men in Black.
we would drive around New York
and look out the window
and go. alien. alien.
It's possible they're here.
[Jonathan] Hollywood created
the look and the sound
of UFOs and flying saucers.
But it's really the movies
of Hollywood starting
in the 1950s
that give us the definitive
image of those flying saucers.
And it's impact
on our perception of UFOs
has been tremendous.
probably bigger
than any other media.
If used correctly.
Hollywood is an
incredible platform
to enlighten people.
I think it will
make people want
to work on it. study it.
understand it.
get people really interested
and excited
about dealing with UFOs
that are more than just
a craft in the sky.
Hollywood has actually
produced much better CGI video
than the Navy pilots have.
That's cause for some question
in itself is that.
are we too now saturated
with video CGI images
and has this now made us less
likely to believe what we see?
Joining Nick Pope and I
on the panel is our own
Jessica Chobot.
-Welcome to
the big desk. Jess.
-I'm so stoked to be here.
Good to have you here.
Okay. let's talk movies.
I know you are a major
pop culture and movie buff.
by which I mean a huge nerd.
-Yes.
-What is the best
extraterrestrial alien
movie ever made
in your opinion?
Ever made. Well. I've got
a lot that I like a lot.
but I would have to say
They Live.
-Oh. They Live?
-Yeah. yeah.
John Carpenter.
Amazing special effects.
-Questionable acting.
-I don't think so.
-Come on.
-It's a classic.
It is a classic.
Nick Pope. what about for you?
- Arrival.
-Yeah.
Because I think it speaks
to a lot of the issues
people are thinking about
right now with this report
to Congress.
I mean. it's not just
about aliens. It's about us
and our response.
Do we respond with hope
or fear. with the hand
of friendship
-or guns and bombs?
-That's right.
I have to say it's kind of
an impossible question.
There are so many
great alien movies.
How about Alien
or the greatest sequel
of all time. Aliens.
I thought you were going
to say Prometheus.
And I was gonna be like.
"You gotta leave!"
-Not Prometheus.
but the other ones.
- [laughs]
I mean for me personally.
when I was a kid.
I used to love really
old sci-fi. I used to love
The Day the Earth Stood Still.
Forbidden Planet.
I was a huge fan
of Twilight Zone.
the TV series
the reruns of that
when I was a kid.
And I have to say. you know.
The Monsters Are Due
on Maple Street
and Nightmare at 20.000 Feet.
Will the Real Martian
Please Stand Up?
Those old. kind of. you know.
Cold War era stories
that were also. again.
speaking to people's fears.
That was the stuff that got me
into science fiction
and into this topic.
Because there is something
about extraterrestrials
that's also very human.
Does that make sense. Nick?
Yes. it does. We look out
but at the same time.
we look in.
It's not just about aliens
but it's about us.
who are we as a species?
How would we respond
if we find out
that we're not alone?
You know. one of the things
that you mention in the piece.
Nick. is that some people
believe that Hollywood.
you know. is part of a kind of
conspiracy to acclimate us
to the possibility of an
extraterrestrial arrival.
I'm not sure I put much stock
in that.
-Do you think that's true?
-No.
Not really to acclimate us
to that
or even indoctrinate us
to say they're a threat.
Bur look. I think that
there are so many movies.
Some with good aliens.
some with bad aliens
that it's a funny
indoctrination campaign
if we're getting all
these mixed messages.
Can I jump in really
quick though and say
it's not the first time
Hollywood worked
with the government
to pull the wool over
people's eyes. So who knows?
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
- Argo.
-Oh. Argo.
I thought you were going
moon landing.
I was getting very worried.
-No. no. no.
-Don't go crazy on me here.
I'm talking about other times
they made deals
with the U.S. to try
to accomplish things.
-But not that.
-Not that.
If this was
a Hollywood conspiracy.
all movies would be E.T.
right. they would
all be warm and fuzzy.
We wouldn't have Species.
Or all the other way
to ourselves.
That's right.
That's exactly right.
We'd be terrified by that.
We're going to take a break.
A pleasure as always talking
to both of you.
Okay. so what television show.
movie. pop culture moment
do you think is
the most accurate depiction
of what's really out there?
Tell us now
using #UFOsDeclassifiedLIVE
on Twitter.
And after the break.
I'll be speaking with the man
who is largely responsible
for initiating
the pentagon report.
former senate majority leader
Harry Reid will be joining us.
And you won't believe
what he has to say.
And our panel will
reach their verdict
when UFOs Declassified:
LIVE returns.
Welcome back to
UFOs Declassified: LIVE.
I'm Josh Gates.
As you know by now.
information on UAPs became
declassified this week
when the pentagon UFO report
became public.
Right now. we're going
to speak to the man
who many call the man
the god father of this report.
former governor and senate
majority leader Harry Reid.
Thank you
for joining us. Senator.
Really my pleasure.
Look. I think a lot
of Americans
were pretty surprised
to wake up a few days ago
to see the pentagon put out
an official report on UFOs.
When you got the ball
rolling on this in 2007.
did you think it would lead
to a public report like this?
I didn't give it
much thought frankly.
I was just trying to show that
the occurrences of these UFOs
was not something
that was a figment
of someone's imagination.
They actually took place.
And as we know now.
we spent $22 million
of the government's money
and we proved that these
are actual sightings
that people had
for a long. long time.
So. I didn't know
if they had cut out the report
the report frankly that
they came out with
is pretty sparse. pretty slim.
And I would hope
that it is not one and done.
I think if we're going to do
a good job on this.
we need to make sure
the government is involved
on it on a continuous basis.
And this slim. slim report
is not good enough.
What do you think American
should take away
from this report
or what do you find
most interesting in it?
Well. I'm glad the government
is acknowledging
that there's something
that needs to be looked into.
My concern is it was
just so weak in facts.
If anybody reads this.
they won't know much more
after reading it than
before they started.
And look. the report
doesn't specifically point
to an extraterrestrial origin
for these sightings.
Do you think it exonerates
foreign players though.
China or Russia?
Could these be. you know.
high-tech objects
from other countries?
-I don't think we can
eliminate anything.
-Right.
I think we should have
an open mind.
My personal feeling is
I doubt that it is China
or Russia or France.
But if it is.
that's the way it is.
I just think technologically
they're not that far ahead
of us.
In fact. I don't think
they're ahead of us at all.
And so. where do you think
we go from here. senator?
I believe that we must
continue working on this.
We. uh...
We don't know what they are.
But for us. now we have
to walk away from
with this slim report.
It would not be
in keeping with.
what i believe is good
scientific evidence.
We need to continue...
not worried about...
conspiracy theories
and little green men.
We have to worry
about... science.
What are they?
We know they exist.
So. let's continue working...
scientifically to figure out
what the hell they are.
Absolutely.
Senator. a pleasure
speaking with you.
Thanks very much
for your time.
My pleasure.
Well. great to get
Senator Reid's input.
and if nothing else.
the Pentagon report
has formalized
a number of goals
for future UAP Research.
The Pentagon says they plan
to standardize the reporting.
consolidate the data
and deepen the analysis.
They intend to expand
their collection of data.
and increase the investments
in Research and Development.
Okay. So. Jim.
let me start with you.
Do you think that's true?
Do you think that
Congress will continue
funding UAP Research
like the report says?
Oh. yeah. I think the
cat's out of the bag.
and as long as UAPs are
buzzing nuclear sites.
military installations and
carrier strike groups.
you're going to have
money for research.
So you think this is just
the beginning of this?
I think this is just
the beginning. yes.
Okay. so...
Time has come.
moment of truth.
everybody here on the panel.
one of you is an alien.
No. that's not what
we're talking about.
Given what we
have learned tonight.
Experts. I can't wait to
hear your take in all of this.
Do you believe that these UAPs
are extraterrestrials?
Do you believe that
they're adversaries.
foreign players of some kind
or something else entirely?
We'll start with my
good friend. Nick Pope.
What do you think man?
I'd love it to be aliens.
But i occasionally wonder.
if it isn't something
more bizarre.
something for which we have
neither the words nor concept.
So. uh. you think it could be
something else entirely?
Absolutely.
Alright.
Jim. what about you?
I believe it's a
non-human technology.
-Really?
-And I wish
I knew who owns it.
Wow. that's incredible to hear
from you.
You know. our intelligence
clandestine guy here.
I mean. that's kind
of remarkable.
shocking for me to hear.
-but that's what you believe.
-Yes.
That it's something other?
It's something other.
no question.
And you. my good man.
what do you think. George?
Well. given that
their technology.
that advanced technology
that is still far beyond.
what we can do for. has been
around at least 74 years.
I believe that
it is non-human.
that could be
non-human source.
that could mean
extra-terrestrial.
it could mean
inter-dimensional
something more exotic.
ultra-terrestrial.
something as Nick said.
we don't know how to explain
but something lived here
for a long time.
We need to investigate
the unexplained.
not explain
the uninvestigated.
and that's gonna take
a permanent program.
Alright. we're going
to need another special
to talk about
ultra-terrestrials.
Im-- I'm-- Okay. good.
And that brings me
to you. Jeremy.
What do you think
about all this?
What's your
final analysis here?
Some UFOs
represents a technology
that outperform. outmaneuver.
and outpace our greatest
war planes and weaponry.
Some UFOs are not made
by modern humans.
And the United States
Government.
has in their possession...
some of these craft.
You believe that for sure?
I am certain of it.
Okay. let's go over
.to the big wall.
Jessica Chobot. what do you
make of all this?
Well. I'm not a scientist
so I have no problem.
just going into the deep
end of the pool.
Full alien.
I know it. Jess.
you're a believer.
-You're a true believer.
-Let's do this.
Let's do this. people.
Alright and standing next
to the true believer.
the voice of science. Dr. O.
what do you think?
Are you going to bring us
down to Earth here?
Oh. I think it's all
in the name.
whether you call it
a UAP or a UFO.
it starts with U.
which stands for Unknown.
and that's where I stand.
And. so I think
we need more data.
Do you think there
is a possibility that
there is an extra-terrestrial
explanation for this?
I don't lean that direction
for this phenomenon.
but there are astrophysicists
who think there may be life
on our planet that we don't
even recognize as life
because we don't have
a broad enough definition.
So. I do think that
the evidence
tells us that life
is ubiquitous
throughout our universe.
but I think that intelligent.
technologically advanced life
is exceedingly rare.
Alright so. one of the
things we have about
in this report is
what's not in it.
Right? There is a classified
version of this report.
Do you think we're going
to see more of this?
Do you think there's going
to be additional material?
declassified here?
Oh. there's certainly going
to be more material.
George and i are going to make
sure of that.
Oh. there's certainly going
to be more material.
George and I are going
to make sure of that.
Whether It's released
officially or not.
we don't know.
But it's coming.
And do you think that
what wasn't included
in this public report is.
for lack of a better word.
juicy. Nick?
I'm sure. I believe there will
be a lot of
technological information.
For example. about
the satellite imagery from
DNI John Radcliffe mentioned.
So. that's something
to look for.
But for sure this is the
beginning of a journey here.
this report.
This is not then end
of the conversation.
We've been told UFOs are real
and they require study.
That's what that report says.
All right. so much more
to come.
Yes.
I have to thAnk all of you.
What an absolutely amazing
journey tonight.
What a panel. To some.
this report represents
an awakening.
The government finally
addressing these UAPs that
have been around for years.
And this represents
a commitment to more research
and investigation. a new day.
To others the report is a good
first step. let's call it.
but that more transparency
is needed
to understand the truth.
And I'm sure that others still
will remain firmly skeptical.
I know we've got
some skeptics tonight
who are probably unmoved
by these
143 unexplained events.
As for me personally.
I just wish we had more time
because I have
a lot more questions.
I want to thank Jessica Chobot
and all of our esteemed guests
this evening for what has been
an amazing conversation.
For UFOs Declassified: LIVE.
I'm Josh Gates.
Good night from Las Vegas.